Joey why is Janine not coming over for
dinner well she didn't want to hang out
with you guys two nights in a row
I'm so sorry well what she don't want to
hang out with us because she she thinks
that you are blah and that you Monica
are too loud what what so she was just
pretending to have a good time last
night she was lying to our faces I can't
believe this I mean who is she to judge
us we could not have been nicer to her
and I am NOT blah I am a hoot come on
please please you guys thought don't be
mad
I'm sure she just she just said that
stuff because she was nervous cuz you
guys have like my best friends you know
and it was our first date plus she's
really sick you should know you said you
made that up
I know but don't you think the sick
thing is way better than the play thing
good I generally just go with Monica's
drunk again
come on you guys come on please please
just give her another chance she'll come
around I promise of course we will come
on we're gonna make dinner okay I do not
like that woman I can hear you I am
allowed that fun we have got to move
[Music]
Missy I'm blah
listen the only thing that's more boring
than watching modern dance is having to
listen to you talk about it
Oh Chandler I just lost myself and it
means me
no I know you're talking but all I hear
is blah blah blah blah let's go
no you to go home like I gotta talk to
Jane you know I really think you could
take her
[Applause]
all right look we got a little bit of a
problem here these people are my friends
you can't treat them that way
they said stuff to me - no no no man I'm
gonna talk to them about it but they
mean so much to me that did like my
family you know on it if you guys are
gonna be fighting all the time that I
don't think we can be together it's just
it just can't work okay dude can't very
upset okay okay would would it help if I
went over and apologized yeah you know
that that would be very helpful yeah
what did I tell you about the hall I was
just coming over here to apologize for
my behavior I'd really like it if we
could be friends well no that would make
Joey happy so I would like that too
Who am I to work things out me too okay
I'll see you I will hear you what am I
gonna do no I'm sorry you wanna go watch
yeah
[Music]
hey hey hey so did she move out pretty
much yeah
can't believe you just broke up with him
just like that well when it's not right
you know you okay yeah yeah I'll be
honest you don't cheer you up
no I'm giving this lecture on erosion
theories tomorrow night I think you
should come
[Music]
you're right that did cheer me up